updated changelog (#378)
unit8co/darts: CHANGELOG.md

- Added new abstract class `TorchParametricProbabilisticForecastingModel` to serve as parent class for probabilistic models.
- Introduced new `FilteringModel` abstract class alongside `MovingAverage`, `KalmanFilter` and `GaussianProcessFilter` as concrete implementations.
- Future covariates are now utilized by `TorchForecastingModels` when the forecasting horizon exceeds the `output_chunk_length` of the model. Before, `TorchForecastingModel` instances could only predict beyond their `output_chunk_length` if they were not trained on covariates, i.e. if they predicted all the data they need as input. This restriction has now been lifted by letting a model not only consume its own output when producing long predictions, but also utilizing the covariates known in the future, if available.
- Added a new `RNNModel` class which utilizes and rnn module as both encoder and decoder. This new class natively supports the use of the most recent future covariates when making a forecast. See documentation for more details.

> - Introduced optional `epochs` parameter to `TorchForecastingModel` instances which, if provided, overrides the `n_epochs` attribute in that particular training session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced optional `epochs` parameter to `TorchForecastingModel.predict()` method, which, if provided, overrides the `n_epochs` attribute in that particular model instance.
```

Author: Maybe we should say '...in that particular model instance and training session.'? Because I'm afraid otherwise it might suggest that the model attribute `n_epochs` itself is replaced. What do you think?

Reviewer: Sounds good, agree!

- Added support for `TimeSeries` with a `pandas.RangeIndex` instead of just allowing `pandas.DatetimeIndex`.
- `ForecastingModel.gridsearch` now makes use of parallel computation.
- Introduced a new `force_reset` parameter to `TorchForecastingModel.__init__()` which, if left to False, will prevent the user from overriding model data with the same name and directory.

**Fixed:**
- Solved bug occurring when training `NBEATSModel` on a GPU.
- Fixed crash when running `NBEATSModel` with `log_tensorboard=True`

> - Soleved bug occurring when training a `TorchForecastingModel` instance with a `batch_size` bigger than the available number of training samples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Solved bug occurring when training a `TorchForecastingModel` instance with a `batch_size` bigger than the available number of training samples.
```
